another chance bursting through of Lando
drops him back past all day in on his
right wants it back but instead am 34
hits the bullseye
it's an absolutely magical left foot and
there it is in all of its glory edge of
the box gets the ball in a good position
and he just rifles it toward that bottom
corner there's no chance for romance
quinones call it was coming bolivia
under constant siege so many chances in
the opening 20 minutes and here it is a
giveaway in the midfield and Argentina
they can break so quickly perfectly on
side the run from kunuk widow and he
sees all of his options he plays a
simple pot pack pass and then just takes
out one little step on LP buddy got
inside the box picks his spot it was
exactly where he needs to put it and
there's no chance therefore quinones
excellent strike unhealthy money up not
quick passing it's so hard to keep a
marker on all of these strike de Mayo
just getting healthy himself banega
trying to time it into the box and the
penalty has been called the trip on the
truck and the veggie has earned a spot
looks like a pullback felt for more
angle look like a clear penalty let's
take a look at the replay
so many runs being made into space and
was bushel of Etsy getting dragged down
see here is Lavezzi making the run in
behind the shoulder of the defense in
actually hold on a second so we can get
a better angle yeah there is a pullback
also the legs getting tangled but that
pull back on the shirt is I think what
the referee saw it was a lobster a
little bit of an experience showing
there if he let him go Aquino actually
in decent position so now a chance to
double their margin fiona is looking
down the barrel of a gun abuela from 12
takes his time look strives and pass the
finger Jets to the back of the net it's
two nothing Argentina guess is the right
way quinones but when the penalty struck
soul perfectly has plenty of power
placement and even if you guess the
right way and spread your entire body
there's just no way it's a perfect
strike from this man kun agüero bowl
number 24 for his country clinical from
this spot is a perfect penalty when you
make the goalkeeper guess the right way
in no chance
well they went through the first 23
minutes unscathed but two goals over the
following five from the youngsters we
see here 23 year-old inswinger chest it
away off of moreno back inside off the
deflection the goal for atlanta late not
denied and nothing going Bolivia's way
just making it look too easy now and
it's kun agüero anybody involved once
again they've been everywhere Tata
Martino going to some old tricks
swishing dimaria off to the right-hand
side in it has paid dividends sending
that pole in and on the near post its i
Whittle it is again second attempt with
the money it's a lovely cross with his
left foot it's curling to the inside and
it just takes that touch from
point-blank range excellent dexterity on
the goal from kun actually took the took
the reflection off the hands of bejarano
which changed the end you know a quick
little fake excellent first step to get
that separation and boom right there
into the far post excellent work kun
agüero once again had the defender
committed frozen in the air and then
created the spot on leash look at his
eyes yep never looks at the goal after
he picks his head up the first time and
it's that a bit be done yet on way a
toast stain on you but I'd say master
finesse escape your fat log to the
school urban i josu she lost oxidative
and their evenings off it immigrant a
fitted that niggas no water will
coalesce cats or offer 300 pairs your
SMS service kept here until on still
time chips it across settled Pastore
tried to lift it back over her tavo
it carries over the goal line probably
should be a corner at least that's what
the fans thing
and now the hand ball is caught or tato
goes in the book and if that's in the
box it's another penalty let's take
another look I started trying to
sombrero here now and it looks like
we've got a chance for 5 from the spots
that's hard to call yeah it does raise
his arm in the ended unnatural or not
it's very subjective but once that all
goes up you really do leave it in the
hands of the referees but he's lifting
his arm up in many ways you could say to
get it out of the way and pesto knee
lifts it back hard to say that that is
the emotional rule pill to determine
what's natural what's not judging from
first glance it did look natural but so
many times we've seen place just like
that the arm goes up natural or not and
the penalties called so from the spot
second penalty called against bolivia
camiones guessed the right way against
Aguero but couldn't stop it and now the
left foot of Daemonia 45 this rod even
closer it's off the fingertips it in but
he's got his brace and Argentina's up by
five the model to a face of Bolivia
deserves it the money up second time the
quinones has guessed the right way and
it's the second time that the penalty
has been struck far too perfectly knows
that there's just nothing else you can
do about it it's a master class from
Argentina Bolivia constantly trying to
build up a forward in front of the
goalkeeper but
you